add PR guidelines in README (#200)
reichlab/covidHubUtils: README.md

 * `preprocess_hospitalization(save_location)`: Preprocess raw hospitalization data into Cumulative/Incident hospitalizations and write to CSVs. **Note:** To use this method, the [covidData](https://github.com/reichlab/covidData) package needs to be installed. 
 * `preprocess_truth_for_zoltar(target, issue_date)`: Preprocess raw truth data from JHU CSSE into Cumulative/Incident - Deaths/Cases for Zoltar. **Note:** To use this method, the [covidData](https://github.com/reichlab/covidData) package needs to be installed. 
 * `save_truth_for_zoltar(save_location)`: Write results from `preprocess_truth_for_zoltar()` to CSVs. **Note:** To use this method, the [covidData](https://github.com/reichlab/covidData) package needs to be installed.
 
# Contributing Guidelines
If you would like to contribute your work, please follow this list to create a pull request:
* New functions should come with unit tests, or a promise of a new unit test in the form of an issue if getting the functionality merged in is urgent.

> * Add your tests to `.github/workflows/pr_unittest.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you added a new .R file with unit tests, add the tests to `.github/workflows/pr_unittest.yaml`.
```
